Add AYON APIs & Resources section (#239)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/dev_api_python.md

---
id: dev_api_python
title: AYON Python API
sidebar_label: Python API
description: Information about AYON Python API
toc_max_heading_level: 5
---

## About AYON Python API

> A Python client for connecting to AYON server. The client is using REST and GraphQl to communicate with server with `requests` module.

Reviewer: Not sure if matters, but graphql is in fact working via REST api too. It is REST endpoint.

Author: As far as I know, the implementation details of graphQL, the way it works and its resolvers is different from the fact that it provides a different communication channel with AYON Server. 
and `ayon-python-api` is using both REST API and GraphQl calls.

what do you think?

Reviewer: A Python client for connecting to AYON server using `requests` module. Wraps REST API endpoints including GraphQl to communicate with server.

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/239/commits/90f6267567c3e36d417f0d337df9bc43f345b934

> The module support singleton connection which is using `AYON_SERVER_URL` and `AYON_API_KEY` environment variables as source for connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module supports singleton connection which is using `AYON_SERVER_URL` and `AYON_API_KEY` environment variables as source for connection. But you can create multiple connection to different servers using `ServerAPI` class.
```

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/239/commits/229ec8af99f71db9a12efe7d2da1462234fc3023
